hello and welcome to heat three of
verbal war for robots in round one as
usual number five seeds Colonel 9000
have a new flip of this series which is
more powerful than the last one
it's been redecorated should do well err
Pines a newcomer has a very powerful
flicker and don't say you weren't warned
try trilobite this is designed a stone
very slow and finally m3 this was pushed
off the ceilings by Rep Tehran when
ripped Iran won the World Championships
and three aren't happy about us and
they're after revenge three two one
activate Colonel 9000 the fifth seeds to
get desert to reach the serious and fly
on over there finds getting in
underneath and flipping mm3 talk about
slams in on airplanes
Colonel 9000 flipping the trial of
lights and F times F finds bouncing down
old flipping out m3 they're out thermal
9000 there with their finds kind of flip
them up and over there finds turning it
in underneath I'm doing so I'm getting
it on the channel and dragging them into
the pits of a house or is it sauna bites
I don't know let's go to the judges the
judges said that trilobite was
immobilized before Colonel 9000 Colonel
9000 going through I'll go trilobite
battle seed number 11
the world final it's very good mr. to
come in they've go in the pit as well
okay mr. killin usb3 go Silver's nails
and Mona for this week's special events
we have all the winners of all the
events we've had so far rubber wall so
the winners of series 1 guilt powerful
flipper is he's going to be tough to
beat
winners of the World Championship reps
are on three second special event for
the series have the crusher very fast
and of course it's hugely destructive
now remarket spinning discs wonders of
the seed selection as a powerful
spinning dysphoria and of course the
wedge shape is very effective and
finally the winners of the Annihilator
the Beast has been lifting spikes on the
front honorable to that three
two one
activate be stator one fish do they yeah
they're not seated they're the only ones
who aren't seen it here to the finals
and
the reigning champion already in the
world on guilt and the beasts up they go
their arms guilt the winner of the
Battle of the champion to get rid of the
heat final air finds the flipper against
tough as nails three two one
accurate tough as nails fear for the
Halal eyes divinity to go over the pits
and no one to f-fine they flipped over
eternal nine thousand in round one
they've got them down the pit they look
hugely impressive then they rise
having it in Indonesian flick something
else over like that the number 11 see in
real trouble
they're fine
tough as nails are in the pits xi seeds
are gone F Hines through to the heat
vinyl there's seen once he crush out
what we're seeing over known as hey
number five seeds kernel nine thousand
three two one activate it seeds
let's go now to the last series in the
first round put them in the pit exposing
those tough as nails
we've been to the nail on my back
Colonel nine thousand running it in
underneath nomads Lona unseated
presidents a methanol esters John one
thousand that in underneath and flip
learning up and over just up do you mean
a war wherever else mattered out turn
one thousand through to the heat Bonnie
okay same as usual when that goes to
send me one the loser to send me to
their finds a developer and number five
seeds Colonel nine thousand three two
one activate ah and kind of like doesn't
slipped immediately run out
I don't go kill my thousand of their
seeds they find wins the heat and
through 270 final one